{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght1F40000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red18\green64\blue251;\red23\green30\blue43;
\red14\green18\blue30;\red23\green30\blue43;\red41\green49\blue65;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c8235\c36471\c98824;\cssrgb\c11765\c16078\c22353;
\cssrgb\c6275\c9412\c15686;\cssrgb\c11765\c16078\c22353;\cssrgb\c21176\c25490\c32549;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh16220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Personality Traits\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Traits Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 Personality\'a0
\f1\i traits
\f0\i0 \'a0are broad, enduring patterns of thinking, feeling, and behaving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Your unique combination of traits results in a consistent personality pattern.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Highly social and dependable, keen on novelty, cooperative, composed under stress.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https://www.traitlab.com/u/qualified-lemur-406?utm_campaign=public_profile_sharing&utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=social"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 Here, you'll see how your personality is described by the full\'a0
\f2\b Big Five
\f0\b0 \'a0framework. At the highest level, this framework describes personalities along five broad traits:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Openness to Experience
\f0 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Conscientiousness
\f0 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Extraversion
\f0 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Agreeableness
\f0 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Neuroticism\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Each Big Five trait describes very broad features of your personality. Furthermore, each Big Five trait can be broken down into many more specific traits, known as\'a0
\f1\i aspects
\f0\i0 \'a0and\'a0
\f1\i facets
\f0\i0 . Each Big Five trait contains two broad aspects and six narrow facets.\
In total, the Big Five framework includes 45 traits:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Big Five domains listed above\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ten narrower\'a0
\f1\i aspects
\f0\i0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Thirty highly-specific\'a0
\f1\i facets\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The\'a0
\f2\b best estimate
\f0\b0 \'a0is a single number (between 1 and 99) that describes how you compare to other people who answered the same questions. The higher the number, the higher you scored on this trait compared to other people on TraitLab.The\'a0
\f2\b margin of error
\f0\b0 \'a0describes the reliability of the best estimate. A highly reliable estimate will have a small, narrow margin of error, while a less reliable estimate will have a bigger, wider margin of error.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 **Openness to Experience**\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Openness describes your interest and tolerance for new experiences, ideas, and feelings.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 \strokec2 Based on your answers so far, our best estimate of your level of Openness puts you at the 73rd percentile. In other words, you scored higher than 73%, or lower than 27%, of other people. This estimate will vary as you answer additional questions, and your true value is likely somewhere between the 52nd and 88th percentiles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What does this mean? You are higher than most people on the Openness to Experience dimension.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As a highly open person, you crave new experiences and enjoy learning about different points of view.\
You are likely deeply curious about a wide range of topics, and you may occasionally get lost when diving into a new subject, hobby, or intellectual pursuit.\
You may be eager to escape from familiar sights and routines, and you often defy conventional norms or ways of thinking.\
In the world of ideas and feelings, you are adventurous. You are unusually sensitive and aware of your own emotions and patterns of thought. You feel a need to consistently expand your perspective and often reflect deeply on your past experiences.\
You have a high tolerance for ambiguity and an appreciation for complexity. While some people prefer things to be merely black or white, you are very comfortable with shades of grey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 Elements of Openness: \cf0 \strokec2 Your score on Openness to Experience is a summary of your unique blend of several personality traits related to ideation, aesthetics, values, information processing, and more. Below, you'll see your level on the specific traits that influence your overall Openness to Experience.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
Your Aspects of Openness\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Ideation: 82nd percentile\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Ideation, an aspect of Openness to Experience. Ideation describes your relative receptivity to ideas and interest in complex information. You are likely interested in a wide variety of areas, and you quickly pick up new interests as you go through life. You deeply enjoy learning for learnings' sake, and you have an unusually high capacity for taking in large amounts of dense information. You have a thorough appreciation for complexity and nuance, and you often take pleasure in solving complicated puzzles and understanding complex reading material. You can become deeply absorbed in intellectual discussions, and you may try to steer conversations in a more philosophical direction. You are less interested in small talk and conventional topics. Instead, you prefer to explore novel, unorthodox, or cutting-edge ideas. You are more likely to have a rich fantasy life, and you can quickly become absorbed in your imagination.
\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Aesthetics: 37th percentile\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Aesthetics, an aspect of Openness to Experience. Aesthetics describes your relative receptivity to and interest in aesthetic, artistic, and emotional experiences.You have an appreciation for beauty in both the natural and artistic world. You can occasionally become absorbed in aesthetic experiences, sometimes noticing small details and parallels that others overlook.You value artistic expression in some forms, including books, music, or visual arts, but you may occasionally find some art forms to be needlessly abstract or pointless. You often draw inspiration from others' artistic expression, and you may dabble in your kind of creative expression from time to time.You have some interest in your inner emotional world, and you sometimes reflect on your emotional experiences, trying to reveal patterns and meaningful insights.
\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Your Facets of Openness\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
Fantasy: 45th percentile\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Imagination, a facet of Openness to Experience. You occasionally find yourself absorbed in imagination or daydreams. Under the right conditions, you may even lose track of time and space as you wander through your thoughts, but this is relatively rare. Most of the time, you tend to be grounded in practical matters in the here and now. You may occasionally indulge in entertainment \'97 books, films, or games \'97 that engages your imagination, but your more tangible, realistic interests often balance this out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Artistic Interests: 60th percentile\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Artistic Interests, a facet of Openness to Experience.You have moderate interests in some forms of artistic expression, including literature, poetry, the visual arts, or music. You occasionally draw inspiration from others' artistic expression, and you appreciate the arts in general, to an extent.You may have even engaged in your form of artistic expression at some point, too, by learning a musical instrument, writing your own stories, or painting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Emotionality: 52nd percentile\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Emotionality, a facet of Openness to Experience.You occasionally experience intense emotions, and you often reflect on and examine your emotional state. While you are typically well-attuned to your feelings, you sometimes ignore them, intentionally or unintentionally.Under the right conditions, you can be emotionally affected by external means. For example, in some moments, hearing a piece of music or seeing a particular image can conjure intense emotions. In rare cases, you may feel an internal rush, goosebumps, or chills when experiencing moving pieces of art.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Adventurousness: 96th percentile\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Adventurousness, a facet of Openness to Experience. You deeply enjoy the process of discovering and trying something new. Compared to most people, you are highly enthusiastic about novel experiences, whether they come in travel destinations, books, films, foods, or conversational topics. In general, you appreciate the unusual, the peculiar, and the avant-garde, and you can quickly become disinterested with the old-fashioned and conventional.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Intellectualism: 67th percentile
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf4 You scored highly on Intellectualism, a facet of Openness to Experience.You are naturally disposed to notice and appreciate the complexities of almost any subject. You are fascinated by a wide variety of topics, and you take deep pleasure from absorbing and synthesizing new information. You are rarely satisfied with simple explanations, and you often try to understand an issue from multiple perspectives.When encountering new information or in discussions with others, you tend to look for the deeper meaning. Conversations with you tend to become more philosophical, focusing on the bigger picture or abstract ideas behind the topic at hand.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Values: 53rd percentile\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Values, a facet of Openness to Experience.You balance an appreciation for conventional values, authorities, and institutions with occasional skepticism and a few personal eccentricities. While you may identify with more traditional organizations and beliefs, you also try to keep an open mind.You welcome the occasional discussion or debate about societal, political, or philosophical issues, but you may not feel strongly committed to one particular side in these arguments.
\fs24 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 **Conscientiousness**\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Conscientiousness describes your planning, impulsivity, and tendency to follow socially accepted norms and rules.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 \strokec2 Based on your answers so far, our best estimate of your level of Conscientiousness puts you at the 72nd percentile. In other words, you scored higher than 72%, or lower than 28%, of other people. This estimate will vary as you answer additional questions, and your true value is likely somewhere between the 51st and 87th percentiles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What does this mean?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You are higher than most people on the Conscientiousness dimension.\
You are usually very systematic in your thinking and planning. You prefer detailed plans, schedules, and routines, rather than simply figuring things out in the moment.\
You can maintain focus on long-term goals (e.g., schooling, career, or health goals), persist through difficult challenges, and are less easily distracted by short-term opportunities and other temptations.\
You value order and regularity. While you may not agree with every socially-accepted rule and guideline, you tend to do things by the book, regardless of the situation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 Elements of Conscientiousness\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Your score on Conscientiousness is a summary of your unique blend of several personality traits related to regularity, industriousness, orderliness, cautiousness, and more. Below, you'll see your level on the specific traits that influence your overall Conscientiousness.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Your Aspects of Conscientiousness\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Industriousness: 76th percentile\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Industriousness, an aspect of Conscientiousness. Industriousness describes your relative need for achievement and intensity of focus.You are likely to be described as hard-working, ambitious, and resourceful. You like setting big, long-term goals and then carry out detailed plans to accomplish them. You can become singularly focused on your goals, and you are effective at making consistent, steady progress while ignoring most distractions. You highly value efficiency, and you often look for ways to optimize your productivity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Orderliness: 38th percentile
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Orderliness, an aspect of Conscientiousness. Orderliness describes your relative need for regularity, order, and organization.You try to maintain some degree of organization and structure in most areas of your life. You appreciate the need for detailed plans, and you try to stick to a few regular routines to maintain order.You keep some physical spaces reasonably tidy, but you can tolerate the occasional mess and disorganization. You may adopt some health practices, such as a particular diet or exercise routine. At the same time, you are not rigid in your approach to these, and you can happily take a break from your routines when the need arises.You are usually diligent and reliable, and you tend to follow most socially accepted rules and procedures, with a few exceptions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Your Facets of Conscientiousness\

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Self Efficacy: 79th percentile
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf4 You scored highly on Self-Efficacy, a facet of Conscientiousness.You are confident in your ability to navigate challenging issues and solve problems. In general, you see yourself as productive, efficient, and competent, but this does not prevent you from seeking advice or help from others when appropriate.When faced with a new obstacle, you feel that, somehow, you will find a solution. This belief in your capabilities often maintains your momentum and motivation in hard times. You are resilient to failure. Even after a tough loss, you tend to dust yourself off and get back on track.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Regularity: 60th percentile
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf4 You scored moderately on Regularity, a facet of Conscientiousness.You value tidiness and organization, and you likely have some system to maintain order in your physical spaces. While you appreciate highly organized and tidy spaces, maintaining them is usually not your top priority.Clutter and disorganization gradually creep into your spaces, and you eventually reorganize them or revisit your system for maintaining them.Overall, you manage to keep things relatively organized, but doing so requires consistent effort.You do have some tolerance for the occasional disorder, both from yourself and from others.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Dutifulness: 50th percentile
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf4 You scored moderately on Dutifulness, a facet of Conscientiousness.You typically follow most rules and standards, but you also make reasonable exceptions. While you see the value of following most directions, you tend to follow the "spirit of the law" rather than strictly adhering to the "letter of the law."You believe that there are many circumstances where the typical rules do not apply or where breaking the rules will not truly hurt anyone. In general, you feel responsible for doing the right thing, and you occasionally feel conflicted about ethical issues.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Achievement Striving: 87th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Achievement-Striving, a facet of Conscientiousness.You naturally set big goals and design detailed plans to achieve them. Compared to most people, you are more likely to set your sights on ambitious, long-term goals, such as educational degrees, career accomplishments, or financial milestones.You tend to set high standards for yourself, and you often use your progress towards goals as a gauge of your success. You often find a deep sense of satisfaction from hard work, particularly when it moves you closer to your long-term goals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Self Discipline: 83rd percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Self-Discipline, a facet of Conscientiousness. Compared to most people, you are highly capable of committing yourself to specific tasks while ignoring distractions, both internal and external. You reliably follow through on your commitments, ensuring their successful completion.You generally avoid procrastinating, and you prefer to take action soon after you have made a decision. You typically maintain several habits designed to improve your health, productivity, and well-being. Across a wide variety of situations, you are punctual and well-prepared.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Cautiousness: 33rd percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Cautiousness, a facet of Conscientiousness.You embrace spontaneity and often underestimate the potential risks of your actions. You prefer to act instinctively and follow your gut rather than analyzing and weighing competing courses of action.Others may see you as free-spirited, reckless, and unpredictable. You are likely intrigued by things that feel forbidden or dangerous to most people, and you are much more likely than others to act on a dare.You get a thrill from acting on a whim or speaking off-the-cuff, even if it is disruptive to others, and this tendency can be a source of tension in several areas of your life.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 **Extraversion**\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Extraversion describes your interpersonal assertiveness and tendency to experience positive emotions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 \strokec2 Based on your answers so far, our best estimate of your level of Extraversion puts you at the 98th percentile. In other words, you scored higher than 98%, or lower than 2%, of other people. This estimate will vary as you answer additional questions, and your true value is likely somewhere between the 94th and 99th percentiles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What does this mean? You are higher than most people on the Extraversion dimension.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You enjoy actively engaging with other people. You are at ease starting a conversation, speaking up in a group, and being the center of attention.\
You gravitate towards stimulating environments, and do not shy away from loud, busy, or crowded spaces.\
You tend to experience positive emotions, like joy and excitement, more frequently and more intensely than most people.\
In group situations, you are often more enthusiastic than most, and you may notice that you speak more loudly, laugh and smile more often, and are more willing to share your feelings.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 Elements of Extraversion\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Your score on Extraversion is a summary of your unique blend of several personality traits related to reward sensitivity, sociability, enthusiasm, assertiveness, and more. Below, you'll see your level on the specific traits that influence your overall Extraversion.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Your Aspects of Extraversion\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Assertiveness: 92nd percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Assertiveness, an aspect of Extraversion. Assertiveness describes your tendency to assert yourself, lead, and influence others in social situations.Compared to most people, you are eager to assume a leadership position and give direction to others. You generally feel that you are a capable, persuasive leader, and you actively seek out opportunities to gain status and increase your influence. You may have difficulty sitting back and letting others take the lead.Others would rarely describe you as shy or reserved. Instead, you are very comfortable speaking up and being the center of attention.
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Enthusiasm: 97th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Enthusiasm, an aspect of Extraversion. Enthusiasm describes your experience of positive emotions and enjoyment of reward.You tend to experience positive emotions more intensely and more frequently than others. You are unusually optimistic about future events, and you have a stronger sense of anticipation around positive outcomes. Compared to most people, you typically believe that good things will happen, and you are more excited to experience them. This tendency may lead you to take risks that most people would avoid.Your heightened enthusiasm influences how you experience social engagement, too. You usually anticipate most social interactions as potentially positive and exciting. While you are socializing, you laugh, smile, and converse with ease, and you find many social experiences more enjoyable than most people do. In hindsight, you recall most social events as more fun and rewarding, too. Over time, you are more likely to prefer others' company and continue seeking opportunities to meet new people.
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Your Facets of Extraversion\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Warmth: 96th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Warmth, a facet of Extraversion.You naturally gravitate towards other people, and they tend to gravitate towards you. You have an innate curiosity about others, allowing you to quickly warm up to them and create a genuine connection with ease.Compared to most people, you are relatively quick to make new friends and more likely to start a conversation with strangers. Over your lifetime, as your existing friendships develop and new ones come along, you are likely to cultivate a broader and deeper social network than most people.
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Gregariousness:95th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Gregariousness, a facet of Extraversion.You are friendly, outgoing, and talkative. You feel at ease in a loud, energetic crowd, and you typically enjoy immersing yourself in social engagements. At most gatherings, you are not content to limit your interactions to one or two people. Instead, you naturally make the rounds and connect with many more people.Compared to most people, you are more likely to host an event or other form of bringing people together. While you occasionally need some time alone, you generally prefer to be in the company of others.
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Dominance: 89th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Dominance, a facet of Extraversion.Compared to most people, you are bold, assertive, and naturally assume control of many situations. In social settings, you are comfortable speaking up and being the center of attention, and you see yourself as a good leader.You have a natural talent for influencing people, and you often use this ability to persuade and convince them of your point of view.
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Activity Level: 97th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Activity Level, a facet of Extraversion.You are constantly on the move, either mentally or physically. Compared to most people, you think fast and react quickly. You are often handling multiple tasks at the same time, quickly bouncing from one thing to another.You try to squeeze the most out of your time, and you are rarely at a loss for something to do. With your unusually high stamina, you prefer to stay busy and productive, and you may find it challenging to slow down and take it easy.
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Excitement Seeking: 97th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Excitement-Seeking, a facet of Extraversion.You crave excitement. You occasionally put yourself in dangerous situations or take risks just for the thrill of it. You prefer highly engaging, fast-paced activities over laid-back relaxation.Compared to most people, you have a low tolerance for slower, tedious tasks. You often look for ways to add some competition or energy in these situations to keep things interesting.
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Cheerfulness: 89th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Cheerfulness, a facet of Extraversion.Your emotional baseline is slightly positive compared to most people. You experience a wide range of positive emotions, such as joy, enthusiasm, euphoria, serenity, and optimism, more intensely and more frequently than most people. Smiling, laughing, and even singing come more easily to you, and you tend to do both of these more often than most, too. Occasionally, you might have noticed you laugh harder and louder than anyone else in the room. Even in difficult times, you are hopeful and optimistic, and you naturally try to cheer others up. Like everyone, you might feel sad or depressed from time to time, but your negative moods are generally short-lived.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 **Agreeableness**\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Agreeableness describes your motivation to maintain positive relationships with others and diffuse interpersonal tension.
\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 \strokec2 Based on your answers so far, our best estimate of your level of Agreeableness puts you at the 71st percentile. In other words, you scored higher than 71%, or lower than 29%, of other people. This estimate will vary as you answer additional questions, and your true value is likely somewhere between the 47th and 88th percentiles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What does this mean? You are higher than most people on the Agreeableness dimension.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You are highly motivated to maintain warm, friendly relationships with other people. You avoid conflict as much as possible, and when conflict does arise, you immediately seek to reduce or resolve any interpersonal tension.\
You strive to be helpful and cooperative, and people often see you as a team player. You are more likely to do what is best for the group, rather than only do what is best for you.\
You are highly sensitive to the emotions of other people. You often try to see things from another person's perspective, and you consider their feelings before taking action. You readily take on the emotions of people close to you. For example, if your friend is sad, you feel sad, too.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 Elements of Agreeableness\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Your score on Agreeableness is a summary of your unique blend of several personality traits related to trust, empathy, compassion, politeness, and more. Below, you'll see your level on the specific traits that influence your overall Agreeableness.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Your Aspects of Agreeableness\

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Compassion: 81st percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Compassion, an aspect of Agreeableness. Compassion describes your interpersonal warmth and emotional affiliation with others.You tend to be highly sensitive to the emotions of others. You are more intensely affected by seeing other people in difficult or painful situations, and you are quicker to provide comfort and support to others in need.You believe that people are fundamentally good and deserving of help, and you find it easier to be generous with your time and effort when tending to others. You are more interested in others' well-being, and you often try to understand more clearly how others are genuinely feeling through conversation or observation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Politeness: 23rd percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low Politeness, an aspect of Agreeableness. Politeness describes your more analytical, as opposed to emotional, consideration for others and their needs and desires.You are often aware of other people's intentions and needs in social situations, but you are less likely to change your decisions because of them. You are more likely to look for solutions and approaches that maximize your benefit. You may appreciate social harmony, but you are not strongly motivated to maintain it. Instead, you are very careful to look out for your interests. You often feel that you must put yourself first to prevent others from taking advantage of you.You are relatively comfortable with the occasional interpersonal conflict. You have a high tolerance for social tension, and you can more easily hold a grudge after a falling out or disagreement. While you may not do so, you understand how to manipulate others and slightly bend the rules to get what you deserve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Your Facets of Agreeableness\

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Trust: 97th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Trust, a facet of Agreeableness. You generally believe that most people have good intentions. You are more likely to take people at their word, give them the benefit of the doubt, or feel their heart is in the right place. Under challenging circumstances, you are much more likely to retain a sense of optimism and hope about people's fundamental goodness.You tend to seek out and focus on the positive qualities in others. While you understand that not everyone is trustworthy, you are rarely skeptical, cynical, or suspicious.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Straightforwardness: 59th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Straightforwardness, a facet of Agreeableness.You value personal integrity and honesty. In your view, telling the truth and following the rules are often the best choice, but you also recognize exceptional circumstances. You often balance your desire to be truthful against the reality of your personal needs and goals.Occasionally, you may tell white lies or cut corners to get ahead. While you may not be particularly proud of these moments, you do not feel an overwhelming sense of guilt about them, either. You may try to manipulate other people at times, but in general, tricking other people, lying, and deception are difficult and uncomfortable for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Altruism: 70th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored highly on Altruism, a facet of Agreeableness.You often have others' needs and interests in mind, and you frequently put them in front of your own. When thinking about a potential course of action, you often consider whether it will positively impact other people or the world at large.Helping other people feels good to you, and you are more likely to work, spend time, or make sacrifices purely for the benefit of others. You are very mindful to avoid actions, comments, and behaviors that only benefit you at the cost of others.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Cooperation: 49th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Cooperation, a facet of Agreeableness.When interpersonal conflicts arise, you tend to carefully balance meeting your own needs and finding a peaceful resolution. You occasionally accommodate others to avoid arguments, but you are also mindful of your personal needs and goals.On rare occasions, you may have intense discussions that become combative, but you typically avoid such conflicts. In general, you do not like holding grudges and eventually take steps to mend relationships that have soured.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Modesty: 22nd percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Modesty, a facet of Agreeableness.You tend to see yourself and your experiences as exceptional in several ways. You may consider your insights, thoughts, and opinions to be consistently more interesting than those of other people, and you are more likely to let others know about them. Because you feel more interesting and knowledgeable than others, you often find yourself the center of attention in many situations.You enjoy seizing the opportunity to show off your particular talents and skills. You do not mind occasionally bragging about your abilities or past accomplishments, and you are more likely to describe yourself as impressive, extraordinary, and unique.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Sympathy: 66th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored moderately on Sympathy, a facet of Agreeableness.You are often affected by others' plight, and you sometimes feel sorrow and concern for their misfortunes. You are usually emotionally sensitive to others' needs, and occasionally you allow your sympathy to guide your decisions and beliefs.In some cases, you feel a sense of compassion towards certain people that others might view as weak or unlucky, and you may feel some obligation to care for or protect them. But you are not sympathetic in all cases, and you see some people as particularly undeserving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 **Neuroticism**\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Neuroticism describes your emotional variability and tendency to experience negative emotions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 \strokec2 Based on your answers so far, our best estimate of your level of Neuroticism puts you at the 6th percentile. In other words, you scored higher than 6%, or lower than 94%, of other people. This estimate will vary as you answer additional questions, and your true value is likely somewhere between the 2nd and 14th percentiles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What does this mean? You are lower than most people on the Neuroticism dimension.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You tend to be very emotionally stable and have very few mood swings. Even under high stress, you experience relatively low levels of sadness, anxiety, and anger.\
You rarely worry. You tend to be optimistic about the future, knowing that you can handle problems if they arise.\
You are highly resilient to stress. Compared to most people, you can function normally under high amounts of stress, and it seldom disrupts your thinking, eating, or sleeping. Even after highly stressful events, you tend to bounce back quickly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 Elements of Neuroticism\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Your score on Neuroticism is a summary of your unique blend of several personality traits related to reactivity to stress, self-consciousness, impulsivity, negative emotions, and more. Below, you'll see your level on the specific traits that influence your overall Neuroticism.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Your Aspects of Neuroticism\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Volatility: 8th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Volatility, an aspect of Neuroticism. Volatility describes your tendency to express or externalize negative emotions.Under stressful conditions, you are calmer and more collected than most people. You have unusually stable and predictable moods. In general, you tend to be relaxed and optimistic. When things do not go as planned, you are relatively quick to adapt to the situation and make the best of it. People are likely to describe you as easy-going and patient.You may occasionally feel some irritation and frustration with other people, but you rarely allow these feelings to lead to hurtful words or actions. Instead, you tend to control your temper, and you seek a calmer, reasonable resolution to most conflicts before they get out of hand.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Withdrawal: 18th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Withdrawal, an aspect of Neuroticism. Withdrawal describes your tendency to internalize negative emotions.You rarely feel anxious, worried, or unsettled, and when you do, these feelings dissipate quickly. You are unusually optimistic. While you are aware of what could go wrong, you tend to focus on positive outcomes and opportunities. You rarely ruminate or get caught up in doubts about yourself. Instead, you can quickly let go of the past. Compared to most people, you can more easily live in the moment without being disrupted by your thoughts or worries.Under stressful conditions, you are flexible and resilient. You can endure high amounts of stress before it eventually affects other aspects of your life, such as your eating, sleeping, ability to concentrate. After stressful events, you bounce back quickly, naturally resuming your typical behaviors and activities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Your Facets of Neuroticism\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Anxiety: 11th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Anxiety, a facet of Neuroticism.Despite the name, your score on Anxiety is not an indication of any clinical or medical condition. Instead, Anxiety describes your relative tendencies around anxious thoughts and behaviors.You occasionally experience anxiety, fear, and worry, but only under highly stressful conditions or threatening situations. In general, others likely describe you as calm and relaxed. Your relaxed, easy-going nature often persists in situations that provoke at least some anxiety in most people.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Anger: 6th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Anger, a facet of Neuroticism.Compared to most people, you rarely experience intense frustration, irritation, or annoyance with others. Instead, you are generally very patient and tolerant of others, and you tend to assume that others have positive intentions towards you. You seldom find yourself in intense arguments or fights with others, as you naturally tend to avoid or defuse conflicts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Depression: 13th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Depression, a facet of Neuroticism.Despite the name, your score on Depression is not an indication of any clinical or medical condition. Instead, the Depression facet describes your relative tendencies around depressive thoughts and behaviors.Compared to most people, you are satisfied and optimistic about yourself and your life circumstances. You are generally self-assured and confident and rarely feel hampered by guilt, pessimism, or concerns about your adequacy. Instead, you tend to focus on the positive aspects of yourself and your life, and you typically believe that things will work out well in the future.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Self Consciousness: 8th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Self-Consciousness, a facet of Neuroticism.Compared to most people, you rarely feel insecure, shy, or blocked by indecision. Instead, you tend to make decisions with confidence quickly, and you rarely dwell on past mistakes. Not easily embarrassed, you are unusually capable of laughing at yourself and living in the moment, unconcerned with what others may think.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Impulsiveness:15th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Impulsiveness, a facet of Neuroticism.While you occasionally feel a impulses to follow a temporary distraction or pleasure, you possess unusual restraint and rarely allow yourself to follow them. You are generally undisturbed by potential distractions. Unlike most people, you rarely feel a need to let go and indulge yourself, even under stressful circumstances.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Vulnerability:11th percentile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You scored low on Vulnerability, a facet of Neuroticism.Unlike most people, you remain relatively calm in high-pressure situations. You rarely feel panicked or overwhelmed by your emotions. Instead, you almost always maintain your composure, think clearly, and assess potential obstacles with a cool head.\
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Interpersonal Style
\fs36 \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 \strokec2 Your\'a0
\f1\i \strokec2 interpersonal style
\f0\i0 \strokec2 \'a0describes your tendencies around interacting and communicating with others.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Your baseline interpersonal style can be described reasonably well by two dimensions:\'a0
\f1\i assertiveness
\f0\i0 \'a0and\'a0
\f1\i warmth
\f0\i0 .\
Assertiveness describes your tendency to assert yourself, lead, and influence others in social situations. People higher on assertiveness are more likely to take charge, give direction, and exert their influence on others. In contrast, less assertive people tend to be reserved, observant, and less willing to direct others.\
Warmth describes your tendency to empathize and put others' needs ahead of yours. People high on warmth are trusting, empathetic, and relatively more concerned about the well-being of others. People lower on warmth are more skeptical, distant, and less affected by the wants and needs of others.\
Your blend of assertiveness and warmth often leads to the following interpersonal characteristics:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Compared to most people, you are enthusiastic, cheerful, and talkative.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 In social settings, you are vibrant, friendly, and engaging.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 You naturally connect with others and can quickly build rapport and trust within a group.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Without careful restraint, some people with this style find themselves revealing too much, overly involved with others, and having difficulty enjoying quiet and solitude.
\fs27 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf6 \outl0\strokewidth0 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 																			    Career Interest\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 Your career interest profile describes your preferences for different types of work.You have your own unique combination of these six dimensions, and these may change as you accumulate work experience over time.Your career interests can have a strong influence how you feel while performing different types of work. When your interests fit well with the day-to-day demands of a particular career, you are more likely to feel satisfied and engaged.
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 Below you'll see descriptions of all six career interests, starting with your strongest.
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf0 \cb8 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb8 \strokec2 Enterprising: Very Strong\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb8 \strokec4 You have very strong\'a0
\f1\i Enterprising
\f0\i0 \'a0interests.People with higher Enterprising interests prefer roles that involve leading, influencing, and persuading others. They are comfortable taking control, making decisions, and commanding the attention of others.Highly Enterprising people tend to be highly assertive and skilled communicators. In addition, they are more likely to describe themselves as tough-minded, influential, and outspoken.Intense Enterprising interests are a natural fit for domains that rely on influencing others, such as sales and marketing, or leading others, such as management and executive roles.Careers with higher Enterprising interests include\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/chief-executive"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \ul chief executives}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/lawyer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \ul lawyers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/office-manager"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \ul office managers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/event-coordinator"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \ul event coordinators}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/investment-trader"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \ul investment traders}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/public-relations-specialist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \ul public relations specialists}}.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb8 \strokec2 Conventional: Strong\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb8 \strokec4 You have strong\'a0
\f1\i Conventional
\f0\i0 \'a0interests.People with higher Conventional interests prefer working with concrete details within highly structured systems. They are more comfortable organizing things or data according to regular processes and procedures.Highly Conventional people tend to score higher on the Orderliness aspect of Conscientiousness. They are more likely to describe themselves as systematic, professional, and controlling. They usually gravitate to roles with more rigid schedules, structured environments, and traditional organizational structures.Intense Conventional interests fit well with careers demanding high regularity, attention to detail, and consistency around tangible things and data.Careers with higher Conventional interests include\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/accountant"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 accountants}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/database-administrator"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 database administrators}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/copy-editor"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 copy editors}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/credit-analyst"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 credit analysts}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/pharmacy-technician"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 pharmacy technicians}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/executive-assistant"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 executive assistants}}.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb8 \strokec2 Realistic: Strong\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb8 \strokec4 You have strong\'a0
\f1\i Realistic
\f0\i0 \'a0interests.People with higher Realistic interests enjoy hands-on, physical activities and tasks. For example, satisfying work often involves working directly with their hands or through tools or machinery to get a job done.Highly Realistic people generally prefer working directly with things and tangible objects rather than working primarily with ideas and abstract concepts.They are usually more comfortable taking physical risks as part of their work, and they may also enjoy adding competitive features to their daily tasks.As a result, they often gravitate towards jobs with opportunities for working outdoors, competition, and physical risk-taking.Careers with higher Realistic interests include\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/electrician"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 electricians}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/carpenter"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 carpenters}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/animal-trainer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 animal trainers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/forestry-support-specialist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 forest rangers}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/arborist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 arborists}}.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb8 \strokec2 Investigative: Moderate\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb8 \strokec4 You have moderate\'a0
\f1\i Investigative
\f0\i0 \'a0interests.People with higher Investigative interests enjoy tackling challenging research and analytic problems. They often describe themselves as rational, logical, and intellectual.Highly Investigative people often like working at the intersection of things and ideas. For example, they can become deeply engrossed in understanding how systems or natural phenomena work and interact.Intense Investigative interests usually fit well with careers that require a blend of technical skills and abstract concepts, like mathematics, sciences, and engineering.Careers with higher Investigative interests include\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/mathematician"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 mathematicians}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/epidemiologist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 epidemiologists}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/chemist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 chemists}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/biomedical-engineer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 biomedical engineers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/computer-scientist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 computer scientists}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/geographer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 geographers}}.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb8 \strokec2 Social: Moderate\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb8 \strokec4 You have moderate\'a0
\f1\i Social
\f0\i0 \'a0interests.People with higher Social interests prefer working with, nurturing, or helping people. They are comfortable dealing with and managing interpersonal relationships as an essential part of their work.Highly Social people tend to be empathetic and compassionate, and they are highly perceptive of other people's emotions. As a result, they are more likely to describe themselves as caring, concerned, and understanding.Intense Social interests are an excellent fit with careers that require attention and sensitivity to interpersonal relationships and their emotions and perceptions of other people. Examples include any role that involves teaching, counseling, or managing others.Careers with higher Social interests include\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/family-social-worker"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 social workers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/registered-nurse"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 nurses}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/elementary-school-teacher"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 school teachers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/physical-therapist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 physical therapists}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/substance-abuse-counselor"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 substance abuse counselors}}.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb8 \strokec2 Artistic: Moderate\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb8 \strokec4 You have moderate\'a0
\f1\i Artistic
\f0\i0 \'a0interests.People with higher Artistic interests prefer working and experimenting with ideas. They are usually more comfortable with abstract concepts and creative, unstructured environments than strict processes and procedures.Highly Artistic people also tend to be higher on Openness to Experience, and they are generally highly perceptive of emotional aspects and other abstract features. In addition, they are likely to describe themselves as imaginative, creative, and philosophical.Intense Artistic interests fit well with careers that focus primarily on ideas and may require creativity and artistic risk-taking.Careers with higher Artistic interests include\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/photographer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 photographers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/musician"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 musicians}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/fashion-designer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 fashion designers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/makeup-artist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 makeup artists}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/hairstylist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 hairstylists}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.traitlab.com/occupations/writer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf4 \cb8 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 writers}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\cf4 \cb8 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}